        Welcome to the printed documention of the hit new interactive 
adventure Dark Visions brought to you by ISC and Kreuzer Creations. This game
utilizes the new point and click interface and inventory menu system in which 
I will adress seperately. Plus at the end of this documentation you will find 
the handy player control quick reference card. You must have a IBM computer 
286 or faster with at least an EGA video card .6 meg of hard disk space for 
optimum effeciency and 320k of ram. To start the game type Darkv at the Dos 
prompt in your darkv directory. The esc key or the s key will skip by the 
introduction. To install the game type install at the a prompt to install 
the game to c:\darkv.

        First the revolutionary new point and click interface. You may use 
both the Winner 707 joypad or the keyboard and in some instances you are 
required to use a keyboard command. So be sure that your computer is 
equipped with a IBM or IBM compatible keyboard to insure that you are able
to play our fine and outstanding product. The point and click interface
requires you to move a grey cursor to the object or objects you want to 
manipulate. This cursor may be moved either with the arrows on the numeric
keypad with numlock on or the directional control of the Winner 707. Once you 
have your cursor over the desired object you may use one of more of these keys
  
   l or button A = look:(gives a description of the selected location of the 
                         cursor if there is a description)
   g or button B = get:(moves an object into your inventory if it is used in
                         the game)
   a or button C = action:(moves,pushes,pulls,opens an object that will help 
                         you on your quest)
   u or button D = use:(uses the selected object from your inventory when the
                        selected object works with the on screen cursor 
                        position)

        To access your inventory screen at any time during the game simply
press the i key on your keyboard (there is no joystick function to reach the 
inventory screen). You will see at the top the current game time which is 
important to the location of objects and other game characters. Then there is
a percentage of the game in which you have completed and finally the name of
the current room you are in. Below that is the objects that you are currently
carrying, the ones with a star next to them were not there the previous time
in which you took an inventory. Now you will notice an arrow you may move this 
arrow through your objects by pressing up arrow and down arrow or up and down
on your directional pad. When the arrow is pointing at an object you may use
the following keys to manipulate it.

 l or button A = gives a description of the object which may hold clues
                 at the top of the screen.

 a or button C = reads a book or inspects any other written pages,press any 
                 key to exit the inspection.

 u or button D = uses the selected object on the object your arrow is on.

 right arrow or right direction = selects an object the arrow is pointing to,
                                  you should hear a sound that confirms the 
                                  selection of the object as the selected
                                  object.

        Now at the bottom of the screen you see a string of commands to 
restore,save,quit game or exit inventory with their keyboard activators.

        r = restore an previously saved game, type a number from 1 to 4 of  
            the game you wanted to restore.

        s = saves the game at your current position select the number of the 
            saved game 1 up to 4.

        q = terminates your current game and returns you to DOS.

        x or button B = exits your inventory screen.

       Please also look at the in game instructions for further help

QUICK REFERENCE      

        l or button a = looks
        g or button b = get
        a or button c = action (click action on the arrows to move between 
                                rooms)
        u or button d = use
        i = inventory
        right arrow = select objects

